Secure transactions effortlessly with our customizable Escrow dApp template.


Escrow:
An agreement between two people or organizations in which money, property or assets are kept by a third entity until a particular condition is met.

The Escrow Template provides a secure and reliable solution for managing payments between you the receiver. By holding funds in a smart contract until predefined conditions are met, it ensures that both parties fulfill their obligations, minimizing the risk of fraud and disputes. This template is ideal for freelance payments, real estate transactions, and any scenario where trust and security are paramount.

Use-Cases
Freelance Payments: Ensure freelancers get paid upon project completion and client satisfaction.
Service Agreements: Facilitate secure payments for service-based agreements and contracts.
Online Marketplaces: Safeguard transactions in online marketplaces to protect buyers and sellers.
Real Estate Transactions: Secure payments during the sale of property until all conditions are met.

Features:
Customizable UI, add your own unique branding and identity before deployment
User-Friendly Interface, Easy-to-use interface for both parties to manage and monitor escrow transactions
Transparent transactions, recorded and viewable on the blockchain
Multi-Currency support, any (ERC20) token can be used for payments, with $USDT being the default. ($USDC, $DAI or even $PEPE). *chain dependent 

Step-by-Step Deployment Guide (using $USDT as an example ERC20 token. Any ERC20 token address can be used):
Step 1, Customize Contract Page, 
Add your application name
Add the domain where you want your application to be deployed to
in the ‘configure’ section
Insert the wallet address of the person who will receive the payments
Insert the $USDT contract address (only address, not full url) for the blockchain your are going to deploy on
Ethereum $USDT contract address: https://etherscan.io/token/0xdac17f958d2ee523a2206206994597c13d831ec7
Binance $USDT contract address: https://bscscan.com/address/0x55d398326f99059ff775485246999027b3197955 
Polygon $USDT contract address: https://polygonscan.com/token/0xc2132d05d31c914a87c6611c10748aeb04b58e8f 
Arbitrum $USDT contract address: https://arbiscan.io/token/0xFd086bC7CD5C481DCC9C85ebE478A1C0b69FCbb9 

Step 2, Customize Front-End
Make your desired UI customization by perhaps adding your own brand and identity to the front-end
Step 3, Customize Admin Panel
Best to leave this as it is, however any customization can be made. 
Step 4, Preview
Preview your customized UI and check that all details are correctly filled in
Step 5, Deploy
Select your preferred wallet
Select the blockchain you want to deploy on (ensure it corresponds with the $USDT address inserted)
Pay gas fees and wait for deployment

Step-by-Step Usage Guide: Admin Panel
Step 1
Navigate to your Admin Panel domain through the ‘My Applications’ page by clicking on the ‘Admin’ button
Step 2
Insert your agreed upon deposit amount of $USDT tokens
Insert the contract duration (period)
Step 3
At any time during the contract duration that you have set, you can release $USDT as payment for goods received or services rendered
Insert the amount of $USDT that you want to release to pay the receiver
Step 4
At any time, you can increase the amount of $USDT in the Escrow to show the receiver that the funds are there and ready to be paid
At any time, you can also increase the Escrow duration by setting the end date and time
Step 5
Only once the Escrow duration has expired, you are able to refund all your $USDT back to your wallet address
The Escrow can be restarted after the contract has expired, by increasing the duration 
Funds can also be release after the expiration.

Step-by-Step Usage Guide: Front-End
Step 1
Navigate to the Front-end domain through the ‘My Applications’ page by clicking on the ‘Use’ button
Step 2
On the Front-end, you and the payment receiver can monitor the all Escrow details 
Be sure to share this domain link with the payment receiver as well.
